Update migrate-with-migration-assistant.md (#1736)
MicrosoftDocs/fabric-docs: docs/data-warehouse/migrate-with-migration-assistant.md

- A Fabric workspace with an active capacity or trial capacity.
- [Create a workspace](../fundamentals/create-workspaces.md) or select an existing workspace you want to migrate into. The Migration Assistant will create a new warehouse for you.

> - DACPAC file extracted from Azure Synapse Analytics dedicated SQL pool. A [DACPAC](/sql/tools/sql-database-projects/concepts/data-tier-applications/overview#dacpac-operations) (data-tier application package) file is built from SQL database projects and contains the metadata of database objects, including the schema of tables, views, stored procedures, functions, and more. Options for extracting a DACPAC include , [SQL Server Data Tools in Visual Studio]([/sql/tools/sql-database-projects/concepts/data-tier-applications/extract-dacpac-from-database](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/ssdt/download-sql-server-data-tools-ssdt?view=sql-server-ver16&tabs=vs2022)), and the [SqlPackage command-line utility](/sql/tools/sqlpackage/sqlpackage-extract).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- DACPAC file extracted from Azure Synapse Analytics dedicated SQL pool. A [DACPAC](/sql/tools/sql-database-projects/concepts/data-tier-applications/overview#dacpac-operations) (data-tier application package) file is built from SQL database projects and contains the metadata of database objects, including the schema of tables, views, stored procedures, functions, and more. Options for extracting a DACPAC include, [SQL Server Data Tools](/sql/tools/sql-database-projects/concepts/data-tier-applications/extract-dacpac-from-database) with Visual Studio and [SDK style database projects](/dotnet/core/project-sdk/overview) with VS Code and the [SqlPackage command-line utility](/sql/tools/sqlpackage/sqlpackage-extract).
```
